Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Well. Buddy. better to burn
out than fade away.
My my. hey. hey.
Hey. Mom.
-You're up early.
-I guess.
You still okay
for this afternoon?
Hmm?
Pet store? Graham's food. he has to eat.
You said you'd drive me.
Which one's Graham again?
My snake.
I really don't get you
and those disgusting creatures.
Morning. sugar cake.
What?
Hello? Good morning?
You know. if you're not careful.
you're gonna turn
into a real rude little brat.
Given that Seymour
was a World War II veteran.
does anyone know why
Seymour took his own life?
I think he shot
himself for perving on that little girl.
Hey!
Renee. why Seymour
took his own life?
Um. I think maybe he did
it 'cause he couldn't connect.
you know?
Oh. go on.
Seymour. he'd been to war.
He'd seen real things.
but his wife. she was so fake.
She couldn't understand him.
No one could understand him.
He was... He was alone.
Okay. all right. All right.
Okay. calm down.
And when Seymour is talking
to Sybil. he makes up a fish.
a banana fish.
Hey. Gil.
Uh. is anyone sitting here?
Uh. no. Uh. g... go ahead.
I liked your report last
week about the collared lizards.
You said you have one? Lizard?
No. I'm not... not anymore.
What happened?
I think my mom's
boyfriend killed it.
-You... are you serious?
-No.
I'm just joking.
Though he's mean enough.
What did you say?
Look. do you mind
if we just eat?
At the tone.
please record your message.
Hey. Mom.
It's me. your daughter.
Never mind.
-How was school?
-Fine.
You know any other adjectives?
Uh. good?
Excellent? Acceptable?
Oh. I think it was unacceptable
that you were late.
Easy. It's been a long day.
At work?
So you didn't make it into work?
Oh. shut up. Renee. All right?
I think you need to call
Doctor what's-his-name
and maybe have him check
your prescription or something.
No. the prescription's fine.
It's not...
I had a hard morning.
Let's just leave it at that.
Did you guys have another fight?
You don't have to put up
with him. you know?
Please don't start.
He doesn't even help out
with money.
He just gets drunk
and eats our food.
Chase doesn't help out
because he keeps his own place.
He's a jerk. Mom.
I bet he was one of those kids
that dipped cats in motor oil
and stuck firecrackers up
bullfrogs butt holes.
Enough! He talks to me. Renee.
He needs me.
And that's a nice feeling.
being needed.
Hey. Graham. you hungry?
See? Just like I promised.
Don't do this again.
They said they were fresh.
I even nuked them before
I came in here.
You're really gonna make me
do it. aren't ya?
Okay.
♪ Please eat. sweet snake ♪
You know what. Graham?
You really might be my
best friend.
How tragic is that?
I'm simply saying the
scratch wasn't there last night.
but this morning?
It's pretty weird.
Magic scratches appearing
out of thin air?
I'm sure it's just from
a parking lot or somethin'.
I'm pretty sure it's not
just from a parking lot.
Jesus Christ. Linda.
Why not? It happens.
Hey. was I talking to you?
Could we all please
just drop it?
I'm just saying. it sits in the driveway
all night and ends up scratched
to shit. you know?
Mm.
Uh. that microwave.
it smells funny.
Someone oughta clean it.
I was heating a pinky in there.
I'll clean it after.
A pinky?
Dead mice
were in that microwave?
Damn it. Linda. tell me it
was after you made the pizzas.
I made the pizzas
and I used the oven.
And I made the goddamn salad
and did it right over
by the microwave!
How sanitary is that?
Dead mice all over the place.
It's disgusting.
You're the one eating pepperoni.
What the hell's that gotta do
with a single thing I just said?
Stuff's filled with pig anus
and scrotum.
but I don't hear you
complaining.
I don't know.
Maybe you like scrotum.
Renee. honey. don't.
No!
Who needs you anyway?
Okay. fine!
What the hell?
Okay.
Hey. do you have a camera?
Jeez. It's 21st century. Renee.
Everyone has a camera
in their pockets.
No. I don't.
Except you. I guess.
No. I... I'm not
talking about a phone camera.
I'm talking about. like. a...
like. a video camera
for home movies.
like in the old days.
You said in class you had one.
Yeah. my mom bought one when.
um. my sister was being born.
Can I borrow it?
You know. my mom's kinda
weird about all that stuff.
No. please. Please.
Just... just... it'll just be for.
like. one day.
Are you okay?
You seem a little bit sweaty.
No. Yes.
I am... I'm... I'm fine.
Um. you could just call her
and... and tell her to bring
it when she picks you up.
Well. my grandpa usually
picks me up.
It's fine.
Tonight's English essay.
All you have to do is type
it out.
Come on.
You're a math whiz. but everyone
knows you suck at writing.
Okay. I don't think everyone
thinks that.
Fine.
Well. look who's here.
Right on time.
Renee. would you come sit down.
honey?
I. um. I took off work early
so I could talk to you.
and... and give you this.
Now. that right there.
that's for my first day.
and. um. fingers crossed.
tomorrow will be number two.
Mm-hmm.
This says 24 hours.
So?
You were drunk last night.
That was. like. 18 hours ago.
I went to bed and woke up. okay?
That's a day.
And you're getting off
the point.
The point is.
is that for your mama's sake.
you and I are gonna
have to try a little harder.
And I went out and got that chip
to let you both know.
boy. I mean business.
Okay. Well. listen.
I'm gonna go shower off.
and then how about we order
up an early dinner?
Kung Pao on me. what do you say?
I know that was. uh. pathetic.
but believe it or not.
he's tryin'.
He didn't even say sorry.
Happy to get dinner. but. Jesus Christ.
that better be made
by Mr. Pao himself.
Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
Is that
24 hours. my ass.
Huh.
Maybe they already found it.
Disgusting. Okay.
Oh. God.
Huh.
My name is Renee Rowan.
I'm only 15 years old. but
I'm about to be the first p...
Okay.
Yes.
My name is Renee Rowan.
and if you're watching this.
tell my mom what happened.
Oh. uh. her... her name's
Linda Rowan.
God. What the hell?
What is it? Okay.
Relax.
Relax. relax. relax. relax.
You got this.
Okay.
Damn it. Okay.
Is it dead?
Maybe I should get
a closer shot.
Oh. no. no. it's... I'm not...
It's just my stomach. Hungry.
See? Food.
Mm. yum. You hungry?
Yeah.
That's what I was afraid of.
Oh. well. I... I mean.
I guess I should say
thank you for this.
You just made me the richest
person in five counties.
They're here for you.
aren't they?
Look. I don't know how
much you can understand
but just try to. okay?
Bad! Bad!
Danger!
All they wanna do is cut you up.
Trust me. I've seen a lot of TV.
Well. um. you take care. buddy.
Hmm.
Yeah.
that's what I thought.
Guess I should thank you.
I mean. now you just made me
the richest person
in five counties.
Shit! The gun.
Going out?
No. I just got hungry.
that's all.
Cold too. huh?
Freezing.
You haven't seen my
keys anywhere. have you?
No.
You know what?
I think you'd find it really
funny making me look stupid.
Yeah.
Well. I think you've
been drinking.
Don't go being a bitch
and tell your mom.
Wouldn't wanna upset her.
Hello?
Go. Go.
Fine. Since you can follow.
My mom about had a conniption
when I brought home a snake.
so imagine what she
would do if she saw you.
I mean. she's also got
this douche bag boyfriend who...
who would probably mount you
on the wall and...
and sell you to the freakin'
government for a bag of beans.
Plus. I gotta be honest.
you look a lot scarier at night.
so I'm thinking I'm just
gonna go find this gun
and then it'll be time
for a real goodbye
if that is okay with you.
Hello?
Okay. I'm over it.
Where are you?
Come on.
No one really comes down here.
except for the holidays. so I...
I think we should be good.
Come on. Come on.
Oh. okay.
Um. yes. this feels good.
If you see someone. hide.
Anyone ever tell you
you sound like a giant frog?
Okay. uh. just stay still.
Stay still.
Uh. yes. yes. this...
this feels good.
A lot of wind last night.
There's no sign of a trail.
I told them. Browne.
they need to move quickly.
They told me to wait
on clearance.
Bureaucracy is a giant
machine run by little people.
You make that up?
No.
That was a Frenchman who
died from too much coffee.
Why don't you go check in
with the tech ops?
-See if they need you.
-You got it. boss.
-Okay. Hey.
-Yes. sir.
Round the tech ops up.
I don't believe there's
nothing to be found out here.
No spare set? All right. jump in.
Come on. Linda.
Renee. what's wrong?
Why aren't you in class?
I... I just had to pee.
Well. I gotta go.
What... what do you want?
Oh. um. are... are you...
are you going to work?
Are
you calling to check up on me?
Oh. you know I hate it
when you do that.
No.
Uh. yeah. I was just calling.
Uh. what... what time do
you think you'll be home?
Hello.
That would make
for a pretty scary Christmas.
How about this?
I know it's the cheap stuff.
but...
What's wrong with you?
You gotta be hungry.
Make yourself at home.
-Jordan?
-Present.
-Lauren?
-Here.
-Ford?
Gil?
Henry?
Here.
Renee? Renee?
Has anyone seen Renee?
And this is where I dwell.
Four walls and a cot.
but I'd like to think
I make it work.
Hi. You hungry?
Stop! You can't...
You... you can't be doing that.
Okay?
Now. this is just Graham. okay?
And... and Graham. this is...
Graham. this is Croak. See?
Now we're friends
and we don't eat friends.
Okay? So no eating friends.
I think you might
have scared him.
I know you're scared. I can tell.
But you're with me now.
and I'm gonna keep you safe
for as long as I can.
TV is ancient.
Only local channels.
They're. like. super boring.
Nothing I'd actually
really wanna watch.
It kind of sucks.
Everything in this house
kinda sucks.
Our computer is this old
crappy thing in mom's room.
And you can forget about
streaming literally anything.
It's so virusy.
I can barely get my
homework done.
She keeps saying she's gonna
get a new one. but I just...
Shit. Get up.
Up! Come on.
Go. go. go. go. go. go.
Come on.
Hi. ma'am. I'm Gil Lopez.
I go to school with Renee.
I... I think she still
has my camera.
No. that'd be creepy.
What the hell happened in here?
And why weren't you in school?
I left early.
I wasn't feeling well.
but I know. I am sorry.
I should've called you.
Are you hot?
Uh. uh. no. no.
It's not that. it's...
Hmm.
Well. did you take some Midol?
Yes. Okay. I'm fine.
You can breathe.
Wait. how'd you know
I wasn't in school?
I don't know how much
you can understand.
but just try to. Okay?
What the hell is this. Renee?
Give me that. okay?
You have no right.
It's my camera.
I have every right.
Now. what is this?
It's none of your business.
Okay. now just give me
the camera.
No.
Now first. you tell me what
the hell that thing was.
and I want the truth.
I don't know what it was. okay?
I saw it in the desert
and I thought maybe I could get
some money if I got it
on tape. but it ran away.
It's gone now. all right?
-You're lying.
-I'm not lying.
Yes. you are. You're lying.
You're hiding something.
-I can tell.
-Give me the camera. Gil.
Hmm.
Now can you please tell me
what the hell that thing was?
No. Now you can leave.
It's my tape and my camera.
I thought you said it
was your mom's camera.
I deserve to know
what's going on.
Okay. j... just keep your voice down.
The tape's fake. like...
like Bigfoot.
Give it to me.
No.
I'm not playing around. Gil.
Give me the tape.
I said no.
Oh! Hey. hey. hey.
Just a second!
Look. honey. um. I know
this is new territory. but. uh.
I think we should leave
the door open.
Yeah. Oh. fine.
Uh. can you go now. please?
Ugh! Jesus. Gil.
So. what now?
Now...
...either you tell me the truth.
and I mean all of it.
or I take this tape down
to the police.
Um. I'll just go out
the back way.
Is your mom all right?
Yeah. she just gets
sad sometimes.
Can we not talk about my mom.
please?
Are you sure?
Do you really wanna do this?
I didn't know they. uh.
dug cellars in the desert.
Some people do.
It's really storage.
We just use it for our old junk.
It's okay. It's just me.
Gil? It's okay. hey.
Gil. Gil. relax.
No. no. no. no. no!
Hey. uh. this is just Gil.
Okay. he's my uh... He's...
We just don't eat Gil.
Okay. look.
No eating Gil.
Yeah. thought that might happen.
Now that is a surprise.
Okay. I think he's waking up.
You just don't cause any
more trouble and be quiet.
I said quiet.
Hey. relax. Gil.
Help me!
Calm down!
Stop. stop. stop. stop. stop.
stop. stop. stop. stop!
Stop it. Gil. Stop!
I'm gonna uncover your mouth.
and it's very. very important
that you do not scream. okay?
Oh. my God! Oh. my God. just listen to me!
Look. okay. look. look.
There's the door.
That's the way out. Okay?
But please. please.
please just give me one
second and... and you'll see.
You good? You're fine.
Just trust me.
Trust me. and watch.
Actually. could I just get
this back to you tomorrow?
You can just keep it.
P... please don't tell anyone
I peed in my pants.
Please don't tell anyone
there's an alien in my basement.
Please. Gil. I'm serious.
You can't say anything.
Anyway. I'm just surprised
you didn't try to take it
from me while I was passed out.
I didn't wanna touch your pants.
Please. Gil. I'm serious.
You can't say anything.
That's all I got.
Yeah. but it's something.
It was my dad's.
He taught me how to play
when I was really little.
and... and he used to sing like...
♪ Just come and play Renee ♪
Stuff like that.
I wonder what he would
have thought about you.
I think he would have liked you.
M... maybe... maybe I'm
just remembering him wrong.
because people do that.
You know. when someone dies.
they only remember
the good parts. like. um. like
how his legs would bow out
when he walked. or...
Or how rough his chin felt
at the end of the day.
He used to wear this cologne.
Mom hated it. but I loved it.
So he wore it for me.
just for me.
Every day.
He called it Renee's
smelly stuff.
I really wish you'd just
eat something.
Surprised you're here.
not home with. uh. it.
Well. Mom went to work again.
so no one's there.
Besides. after someone told
her I ditched yesterday.
she all but walked me
to school herself.
You okay?
Last night when I was. uh.
staring at my ceiling
instead of sleeping.
I had a thought.
You can't change your mind.
Gil. okay?
You already swore you
wouldn't say anything.
No. I... I didn't change my mind.
You said it wouldn't eat. right?
I've tried everything.
Can you and the thing meet
me tonight in the desert?
Gil. I told you people
are looking for it
in the desert.
You said they're looking
to the west of you.
I... I'm talking
just south of you.
Hellhole Canyon.
What's in Hellhole Canyon?
-You ever seen Jurassic Park?
-Which one?
The good one. the original.
Yes.
I was thinking maybe T-Rex
doesn't wanna be fed.
Maybe T-Rex wants to hunt it.
It's perfect.
Go. eat food!
I don't think he gets it.
It's not a he.
Oh. you mean...
You mean it ha...
No.
No. it's just not a he or she.
I don't think it works
like that.
Okay. fine. whatever.
I don't think Croak gets
what you're saying.
Croak. eat! Eat! Eat!
God. it's so much worse
than I imagined.
I know. It's great.
So. where'd you live before?
Huh?
I don't remember you
in junior high.
You moved out here
a couple years ago. right?
Yeah.
You have family out here
or something?
My dad died a few years ago
and I...
I think my mom just needed
a change.
Oh. I'm... I'm sorry.
What happened?
I think it's done eating.
Uh. how do you know?
Thank you. buddy.
But I'm all good.
How much do you think it understands?
I'm not sure.
Sometimes I feel like
it understands everything
and sometimes nothing at all.
Can it understand us now?
Why?
Because you know
this can't last forever.
you're gonna have to tell
someone eventually.
I'm not going to.
And neither are you.
Okay? I'm gonna
figure something out. Gil.
Thank you. For tonight.
See? Told you you were hungry.
Where the hell were you?
Not even pretending anymore?
Hey. sit down.
No. I'm going to bed.
You think I wouldn't notice?
I know you were in my van.
I know you took my gun.
Now where is it?
I don't know what you're t...
It was there the other night.
but this morning. after I got
my spare keys. well. poof.
I...
I lost it somewhere
in the desert.
You know what your problem is?
You don't respect me.
You don't respect me
because you don't fear me.
Fear is respect.
My daddy told me that.
Daddy used to cut my hair.
You believe that?
Wouldn't let nobody else
touch it.
This one time. after he'd
been gone for a while
and my hair got to be long.
I was about 8.
8 years old.
He just
wrapped me up in his arms.
Yeah.
You know what he did?
Boy. he grabbed a pair
of them scissors...
And just started cutting.
And not gentle.
Boy. just hacking away.
like he was mad as hell.
Guess what?
I didn't move a muscle.
Not an inch.
Not even when blood
started coming down
to my eyes
'cause I respected him.
Because respect is fear.
And I'm telling you. girl.
you better respect me.
Mom!
No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
Mom!
Hey.
No. no. no!
Get off her. son of a bitch!
Hey. You all right. sweetie?
Hey.
Oh. we just had an earthquake.
-You worthless piece of shit.
-Linda.
I'm done. it's over. Get out.
All right. fine. I get it.
Chase is just a big ol' asshole.
a big ol' nothin'.
I'll go. just let me find
my keys.
Get out of my house.
Hey. baby.
Jesus!
Yeah. I don't need this shit!
You can go to hell. Linda.
Good luck finding someone
to put up with your crazy ass.
Are you all right. sweetie?
How bad did he hurt you?
Just get away from me.
Please. Would you...
-Renee. please...
-Get the hell away from me!
Stop it! Croak. stop it!
Y... you can't be doing this.
Y... you could get caught.
What the hell am I doing?
Hmm.
Renee Rowan?
I don't know. Maybe.
Well. my name is Jonathan Keyes.
Can we talk for a minute?
Look. okay. I have to go
to school.
A... and this is private
property.
so unless you have a warrant...
Well. uh. I'm not
on your property.
I'm in the road. So?
Doesn't my mom
have to be here or something?
Legally speaking. yes.
but I got a strong hunch
you don't want your mom
to overhear us.
Gun was registered
to a one Mr. Chase Duvall.
Thanks to a previous DUI
and a slew of unpaid
parking tickets was not
hard to find.
Then why aren't you
talking to him?
Is he your father?
Is my last name Duvall?
He could still be your dad.
No. He's not my dad.
Who is he?
He was my mom's shit bag boyfriend.
Was?
Or is. I don't...
I don't know. I'm not sure.
I'm sorry.
That sounds confusing.
Aren't you a little old
to be playing with toys?
We ran prints on the
gun. most of them came back old.
But the ones off the bullets
were from a couple
days ago.
and they were not Duvall's.
You can tell all
that from prints?
Fingerprint molecular identification.
It tells us how far
the bio molecules
from the print's ridges
have migrated down
to the valleys.
It can also check for drugs.
alcohol. nicotine and gender.
Now. Renee. the prints came
back clean and female.
Okay.
Yeah. I... I took the gun a...
and I shot some cans with it.
Wh... is that a crime?
Actually. yes. More than one.
But luckily for you. I'm not
too concerned about that.
I believe in giving roses.
so I'ma give you a rose.
You are clearly an intelligent
young woman.
but you are also just that.
a young woman.
There's more happening
here than you are.
at the present.
capable of understanding.
I know you know
what I'm talking about.
And I know you know
what I wanna know.
So you go ahead. Renee.
you go to school.
you listen hard. you study up.
But if you aren't ready to talk
to me by the end
of this here day.
I'mma find you.
I'mma have a warrant.
and cuffs. and a whole hell
of a lot more.
Now can I ride you the rest
of the way to school?
No. I'll... I'll walk.
Oh. and one more thing. Renee.
I don't wanna have
to be the bad guy.
I'd prefer to be a hero.
But unfortunately that choice
is completely and entirely
up to you.
You be safe.
I think it's the water
tank again or maybe something
to do with that earthquake.
Earthquake? What earthquake?
Last night. You didn't feel it?
I've always been a heavy sleeper.
I'm late for work.
Think you'll be okay?
I'll send you the bill.
What the...
Hail Mary. full of grace.
the Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst
women...
...inflation.
But one area of spending
that did go up?
Anyone?
It was in last night's reading.
guys.
An increase in
military spending.
The 1980s saw a great
increase in military spending.
including funds
for private military...
Have a good day.
Hey. pretty lady. Why don't you hop in?
How in the hell
are you supposed to help me
when you can't even
help yourself?
I honestly thought
he was getting sober.
-I had no idea...
-What?
So he just says he stops
and you believe him?
-Well. what is wrong with you?
-Renee.
All of this. everything
that has happened
has been your fault!
Okay. Dad died.
And what did you do?
Did you get help?
Did you see a therapist?
No.
No. you packed up all
of our shit and moved us
into the middle
of goddamn nowhere!
That's not fair!
You know I couldn't find work
and I couldn't afford the house.
-No.
-It was too expensive.
No. you just couldn't
handle seeing one thing.
one single thing
that reminded you of him
without shattering
into a million pieces.
Even now. now we
can't talk about him.
Y... you won't even say his name.
David. Your father's name.
It was David?
You see?
This is exactly
why I can't talk to you.
Something's wrong
with our water.
Lou was gonna fix it.
but I can't reach him.
so I got some bottles
from the store.
If you wouldn't mind
bringing them into the house.
I'd appreciate it.
Mom?
I'm gonna go lie down.
Make whatever you
want for dinner.
Oh. my God.
Wh... what? Wha... what?
What did you do?
Are you hurt?
So. did you. like. eat him?
Or... or just scare him
into that accident?
It doesn't matter.
I can't keep you down
here anymore.
Mom's gonna call another
plumber or... or c... come down
here herself and we can't let
anyone else get hurt.
I'm really serious about this.
No hurting people.
Hello. Gil.
C... can I help you?
I sure hope so.
Freaky. I was just
about to call you.
Wait. y... you were?
Seriously?
Yeah.
why are you surprised?
I... I... I don't know.
I just... I just am.
What are you doing right now?
Can you make it to our spot?
Right now?
Yeah.
c... can you make it?
Yeah. as soon as my
grandpa's asleep I'll...
I'll head out.
Okay. I guess we better hurry.
How are at you running?
That's the best you
can do? You look ridiculous.
I said run! Fast. come on. fast!
Run! Fast!
Come on. fast!
Come on. you lazy alien.
what's wrong?
Fast!
Woo!
Hey.
My mom's boyfriend left his van.
I... I don't know for how long.
but it's big.
No windows in the back.
Who's gonna drive it out there?
Yeah.
It's one of the biggest
reserves in the country.
over 300 square miles
of just desert.
No one's gonna find it there.
Besides. you know.
I... I can't just leave Croak.
So... so you're staying
out there?
Yes.
Just until I know it's safe.
Do you understand
how desperate this sounds?
Okay. I'm not asking
for your permission.
I'm telling you.
This is gonna work.
I'm gonna make it work.
Of course you will.
A man came to see me tonight.
Hmm. What did he say?
He said that thing's gonna
kill someone.
Maybe more than someone.
He said it's... it's dangerous.
Well. he's wrong.
He also threatened me.
What. threatened you how?
Look. I was born here.
but not everyone I care
about was.
Do you follow me?
So what'd you tell him?
Nothing.
I... I didn't tell him anything.
Come on.
I'll be back before morning.
Okay?
You just stay here. and stay
quiet. and if you see anyone.
run.
Just run.
I said be quiet.
The tent?
Yeah. I. uh. I just
gotta go get some gas first
and then I'll swing by
your place with the tent.
Hey. Gil?
You. um. you asked about my dad.
Yeah.
Well. we had a pool where
we used to live and he loved
to do laps.
My mom went out one morning
and found him.
They said he must've slipped
when he was getting in.
Why... why are you telling
me this?
I wanted you to know.
God. I hope you'll be okay.
I knew you took my fucking keys.
Get up. sugar cake.
Go. go. go.
See. I love you. Linda. so much.
I just wanna know...
Why won't you love me back?
You never...
You don't love me.
No one has ever.
Nobody loves me!
Calling intel. sight is clear.
Renee! Run!
Run!
Copy that.
They're in the canyon.
but there's no sign of
the Xeno.
Tell them to call the techs
and meet us at site B.
Yeah. get the techs and go to site B now.
No!
No. no!
It's your fault. You did this.
You're why she won't love me.
No! No!
No! Stop!
No.
No! No!
Wait! Croak. come back!
Renee? Renee.
Jesus.
He killed him?
You don't understand.
Okay. he had a gun.
He would have killed me.
but Croak...
It killed somebody.
It... it ate a person. Renee!
It's over. It's over.
Did you bring the tent?
What the hell is wrong with you?
Did you not hear
what I just said?
Croak saved my life. Okay?
I have to help it.
No. Would you stop?
Stop. Listen to me.
You can't help it anymore.
Renee!
It's too late.
It's already been done.
What do you mean been done?
Shh.
I trusted you.
I know. It's... it's why I came here.
I wanted you to hear it
from me first before...
-Before anything was...
-But I trusted you!
I didn't have a choice.
My... my grandpa
would have being deported. I...
I reckon there's
nothin' I hate more than ultimatums.
but he's telling the truth.
He didn't have much of a choice.
It's like I told you. Renee.
I don't wanna be the bad guy.
I... I'm sorry.
I... I didn't know they were
Come on. Time to go. Let's go.
-No. no. no. no. no.
-Time to go. Time to go.
What are you gonna do to her?
Don't you think you're being
a little hard on the boy?
Where is my mom?
Your mom is safe.
She's inside with one
of my best men.
She's getting debriefed.
It's too late. It's already gone.
You're never gonna find it.
Browne. is that right? They're bonded?
It's the strongest link
we've seen.
All righty.
I am genuinely sorry.
Uh. what?
I wish we could have
handled this differently.
What's happening? What... what...
Come on out.
There you are.
No! No. stop!
Stop it. please! Please!
You're hurting it!
Oh. you're hurting it!
No. you're killing it!
You're gonna kill it!
Please. stop! Stop!
Nighty night.
I know. Judge. but...
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Well. I never heard of such
a thing.
That's my station.
They can't just make...
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
No. no.
Loud and clear. Your Honor.
I've turned over the keys.
They have run of the place
till morning. but I just...
Yeah. I see.
They should be en route.
As soon as I can...
Yeah. You're good.
Keep coming. Let's go.
Come on. Good.
How long we gotta hold it?
Transport's already inbound.
Should be here within the hour.
And the girl?
She's here and she's prepped.
Good.
Well. see if you can get Mom
to cooperate.
will you. Browne?
I already tried twice.
Yeah.
How's your hand?
Did you kill it?
No. but we have it now.
so we don't have to worry
about it hurting another person.
Nice shot.
You can't keep me here.
you know?
It's against the law.
I... I have rights.
Maybe you do have rights.
maybe you don't.
or maybe you're harboring
a dangerous
extraterrestrial being.
I... I... is that illegal?
A... are there actually
laws against that?
Not officially.
But in certain
secret circles. Renee.
it's definitely frowned upon.
And right now you in one
of those.
You hate it.
You think it's evil.
but you're just scared.
You don't know what it is.
Well. then you tell me
what it is.
It's... It's my friend.
You think you're unique.
that you're the first
person to ever find one.
Well. you're wrong.
You're just the first person
to find one and live.
Jonathan. I'm obligated
to remind you this is
classified information
Wait in the hallway. Browne.
I... I don't believe you.
You're lying.
In school. I used to study feudal history.
800 years ago in Japan.
there lived a fierce.
pitiless leader by the name
of Koyata Sugi.
With only a small band
of warriors.
he laid waste to entire cities.
And after 40 years of pure
brutality. never suffered
a single defeat.
You know how he did it? Pigs.
Pigs are intelligent.
So when Sugi wanted
to scout for an invasion.
he simply trained a pig
to walk through a city.
And if the pig returned fat
and happy. well.
then he knew that the people
were gentle. honest.
easily defeated.
But if the pig were harmed.
or worse.
if the pig didn't come back
at all. well. he knew the men
behind those walls were vicious
and he would leave
the city unbroken.
That alien thing that you
call your friend.
it's like Sugi's pigs.
They are biological machines
designed to kill with purpose.
built by a life far more
intelligent than our own.
And we believe these are sent
here as reconnaissance.
a violent. violent prelude
to somethin' far worse
yet to come.
The little people in charge
of our planet.
they want them captured
and studied.
But if it were up to me.
I would put them on racks
and I would pull them apart
ever so slowly
for all the horrible things
they've already done.
Now after everything I've
just told you.
how could you possibly
sit across from me and call
this monster you found
your friend?
Because you're wrong.
I didn't just find it.
We... We found each other.
You are bonded. and it's
the most vital link
we've seen so far.
Renee. I want you to agree
to submit to be studied
so that we can learn.
Learn what?
The most painful way
to kill 'em.
And if I don't agree?
I will have your
clinically depressed mother
committed to a small
room with no windows.
and after we've forcefully
extracted all the information
we need now. I will personally
make sure that whatever's left
of your short and crippled life
is hell.
What did you tell her?
I told her what needs to happen.
After Iceland.
directors are gonna
want this done quietly.
We need to interview
the girl and let her go.
The directors won't care.
Browne. because the directors
won't know about her.
No more waiting on committee.
We don't have to do it this way.
We do what needs to be done.
and we do it now.
You go get the mother.
Let's help the girl think.
Yes. sir.
Are you all right?
I'm sorry.
They told me things.
unbelievable things.
Sweetie. what's happening?
It's complicated.
I. uh. found this.
Did you read it?
And I...
No. Mom. I wasn't thinking.
I... I don't mean any of that.
I don't.
I just hope you can forgive me.
You... Y... you what?
You're right.
Everything you said was right.
Movin' here. Chase.
and even about your father.
You were right.
You have a good heart.
It's your father's heart.
Don't ever lose that.
no matter what.
Ms. Rowan.
All right. now what?
Now we give her five minutes.
and then I make the decision
for her.
Okay.
Oh. come on.
Come on. Where are you?
Oh. God.
I hope you can still hear me.
Cellblock. lock it down!
Wait.
Come inside. come on!
Renee!
Our orders are to bring it in alive.
Keyes? Keyes!
Our orders!
Take it.
No!
Please. don't.
Don't be what they say you are.
Be my friend.
Oh.
Come on. we can still do this.
Oh. come on.
Okay.
It's a long ride to the state
reserve. so you're just gonna
to have to stay down
and stay quiet.
Come on. Come on.
Renee. look out!
Oh. my God! Go. go. go!
Get down!
Stop. you're gonna kill her! No!
Croak. get down!
No. No.
Croak!
No! No. No!
No. No. no. no.
Please. no.
Croak. get up. Please get up.
Get up! No.
No. No.
No.
Get up. please. Please.
Mom.
♪ The evening sun is shining.
the stars ♪
♪ Rising slowly. seem so far ♪
♪ Reach out for me and bring
one down ♪
♪ So I can... ♪
Where'd they find this one?
Not sure. Somewhere in New Mexico.
How long it's been on ice?
They didn't say.
Better grab a second
Omcan blade. just in case.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm